well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
a unique way information is getting out
and a brand new library only been open a
few days and it is unique in the sense
that it only holds information that's
not supposed to get out it's cool it's
in minecraft minecraft' is video game by
the way if you don't know picture it
like digital Legos kind of not really
but kind of and reporters without
borders teamed up with a group called
block works which apparently makes very
striking architecture inside this game
and they created a library and it's not
just a visible visual representation of
a library there are articles in it and
the target audience is our people in
countries that censor access to
independent journalism the decor inside
the libraries are striking the one for
Mexico is the center of it is a cemetery
and the tombstones have the names of
indie journalists who were killed down
there
Saudi Arabia is another country there's
a few of them if you want to get to it
and access it in the multiplayer mode
you go to visit dot uncensored library
calm that's the server IP
and if you want because we don't know
how long this little loophole will last
you can download the entire archive to
host it in some of their location the
cool thing about this is not just
demonstrating that information will
always find a way to get to where it
needs to be the cool thing to me is that
its target audience these are going to
see this the most young people so much
of how we think and how we act is based
on the information we process when we're
younger when we're forming our ideas I
think is a incredibly worthy project I
know right now we're all focused on you
know the main headline but it's
important to remember that even as that
fight goes on there are a lot of other
fights that are going on all around the
world and understand as we struggle with
getting accurate information from our
government from our administration there
are countries that have much more severe
problems in that regard so if there's
one thing that reporters without borders
just taught countries that engage in
censorship is that it's not going to
work it is not going to work it has
never worked there will always be
somebody willing to get that information
out in some fashion
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night